Better spelling in docs (#144)
samesystem/graphql_rails: docs/components/controller.md

## decorating objects

> See ['Decorating controller responses']('components/decorator')(broken url) for various options how you can decorate paginated responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See ['Decorating controller responses'](components/decorator) for various options how you can decorate paginated responses
```
